# CS-340-Project-Two

#### How do you write programs that are maintainable, readable, and adaptable? Especially consider your work on the CRUD Python module from Project One, which you used to connect the dashboard widgets to the database in Project Two. What were the advantages of working in this way? How else could you use this CRUD Python module in the future?

I write programs to be maintainable, readable, and adaptable by utilizing built in libraries and using multiple files to build the program modularly. This way sections of the program can be adjusted without compromising the entire program itself and you can easily add more sections with more files. I do this by clearly commenting on my code and using consistent syntax throughout. This was done when creating the CRUD Python module and dashboard, which made it overall easier to build upon throughout the course. I could use this CRUD Python module again by adapting it to fit the needs of future CRUD projects. 

#### How do you approach a problem as a computer scientist? Consider how you approached the database or dashboard requirements that Grazioso Salvare requested. How did your approach to this project differ from previous assignments in other courses? What techniques or strategies would you use in the future to create databases to meet other client requests?

I first approach a problem by reading the requirements and available documentation. The requirements for these projects required me to use tools I was unfamiliar with like Dash and MongoDB. Because of this I had to change my approach, as it wasn’t feasible to read over every piece of documentation available. Instead, I broke down each requirement into simpler things. For example, when needed to create interactive buttons with filtering in the Dashboard, I first focused on just getting the radio buttons to appear properly on the page by searching for that in the documentation. After this, I started with just one of those radio buttons and added in a filtering when clicked, then tested its function before moving on to the other filters. This kind of strategy would work in the future to help ensure that the program is interacting with the database as intended before doing work that may be wasted. 

#### What do computer scientists do, and why does it matter? How would your work on this type of project help a company, like Grazioso Salvare, to do their work better?

One thing that computer scientists do is create systems or improve existing systems to either complete a task, add efficiency to a task, or to help meet a need that was not already met. In the example of Grazioso Salvare, this would help their company focus less on searching for animals that meet their requirements for rescue animals and divert more of their time and money into training and rescuing. 
